README.md, before:

# Weekly Report Generator

This tool is designed for the Principal Cloud Architect to create succinct weekly reports. By summarizing accomplishments, challenges, and next steps, the app aids in presenting clear and concise information for both peers and managers.

## Features:

- **User-friendly Interface**: Simply input your weekly accomplishments, challenges, and planned next steps.
  
- **GPT-3.5-Turbo Powered Summaries**: Utilizes one of OpenAI's advanced models, `gpt-3.5-turbo`, to generate executive summaries based on your input.

- **Formatted Presentation**: Your summaries are presented in a clear, professional manner with the ability to emphasize key points using bold and highlighting, prioritizing the business benefits of technical solutions.

## Usage:

1. **Start the App**: Ensure you have all the dependencies installed and run the Streamlit app.

2. **Input Details**:
    - **Accomplishments**: Describe what you achieved over the week.
    - **Challenges/Blockers**: Specify any obstacles or hindrances you faced.
    - **Next Steps**: Outline your plans for the upcoming week.

3. **Generate Summary**: Once all details are inputted, click the "Summarize" button to get your executive summary.

## Dependencies:

- Streamlit: For the web interface.
- OpenAI Python client: For integrating with the GPT-3.5-Turbo model.

## Setup:

1. Ensure you have Python installed on your system.
2. Clone this repository.
3. Install the required packages using pip:

   ```bash
   pip3 install -r requirements.txt

Commit message:

added the link to try the live link to the web application

README.md, after:

# Weekly Report Generator

## 🚀 Try the Application Live!
[**Launch the AISL Weekly Report Generator**](https://aisl-weekly-updates.streamlit.app/)

This tool is designed for the Principal Cloud Architect to create succinct weekly reports. By summarizing accomplishments, challenges, and next steps, the app aids in presenting clear and concise information for both peers and managers.

## Features:

- **User-friendly Interface**: Simply input your weekly accomplishments, challenges, and planned next steps.
  
- **GPT-3.5-Turbo Powered Summaries**: Utilizes one of OpenAI's advanced models, `gpt-3.5-turbo`, to generate executive summaries based on your input.

- **Formatted Presentation**: Your summaries are presented in a clear, professional manner with the ability to emphasize key points using bold and highlighting, prioritizing the business benefits of technical solutions.

## Usage:

1. **Start the App**: Ensure you have all the dependencies installed and run the Streamlit app.

2. **Input Details**:
    - **Accomplishments**: Describe what you achieved over the week.
    - **Challenges/Blockers**: Specify any obstacles or hindrances you faced.
    - **Next Steps**: Outline your plans for the upcoming week.

3. **Generate Summary**: Once all details are inputted, click the "Summarize" button to get your executive summary.

## Dependencies:

- Streamlit: For the web interface.
- OpenAI Python client: For integrating with the GPT-3.5-Turbo model.

## Setup:

1. Ensure you have Python installed on your system.
2. Clone this repository.
3. Install the required packages using pip:

   ```bash
   pip3 install -r requirements.txt
